Improve docs metadata (#405)
o1-labs/docs2: docs/zkapps/index.mdx

---

> title: Overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: zkApp Overview
```

Author: Same with this sidebar change as well. It will go from `Overview` -> `zkApp Overview` in the sidebar.

Reviewer: okay, same comment as above, I found out how, we add

`sidebar_label: Overview`

I wonder why we use `hide_title: true` and then rely on the `# Heading` for the title?

Author: That's a good question! I think the reason for this is to have the `Info` box as the very first thing that's shown on the page. If we use the normal title, the title is shown first with the `Info` box shown below it. By using `hide_title`, and then manually specifying the title, we can show the `Info` box right away.

`Info` box specifically is that box that states
`Please note that zkApp programmability is not yet available on Mina Mainnet, but zkApps can now be deployed to Berkeley Testnet.`

hide_title: true

> description: Get an understanding of zkApps, the smart contracts of Mina Protocol. zkApps are powered by zero knowledge proofs and off-chain execution. A quickstart guide to deploy zkApps and resources for learning TypeScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: Overview
description: Get an understanding of zkApps, the smart contracts of Mina Protocol. zkApps are powered by zero knowledge proofs and off-chain execution. A quickstart guide to deploy zkApps and resources for learning TypeScript.
```

> description: Get an understanding of zkApps, the smart contracts of Mina Protocol, powered by zero-knowledge proofs and off-chain execution. The page also provides a quickstart guide for deploying zkApps and additional resources for learning TypeScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Get an understanding of zkApps, the smart contracts of Mina Protocol. zkApps are powered by zero knowledge proofs and off-chain execution. A quickstart guide to deploy zkApps and resources for learning TypeScript.
```

Reviewer: we'll update our page frontmatter metadata after the docs are restructured (ongoing now)

so good!
